# RH inventory wizard tool https://access.redhat.com/labs/oia/
[OSEv3:vars]
ansible_ssh_user=root
ansible_become=false

openshift_deployment_type=openshift-enterprise
deployment_type=openshift-enterprise
openshift_disable_check=memory_availability,package_availability,disk_availability,package_version,docker_storage,docker_image_availability
openshift_docker_selinux_enabled=false

oreg_auth_user=<RH_user_name>
oreg_auth_password=<RH_password>

openshift_master_cluster_method=native
openshift_master_cluster_hostname=ocp-api.local
openshift_master_cluster_public_hostname=public.ocp-api.local
openshift_master_default_subdomain=apps.local

# Default node selectors
openshift_hosted_infra_selector="node-role.kubernetes.io/infra=true"

# Contrail 
contrail_version=2003.33
contrail_container_tag=2003.33-rhel
contrail_registry_insecure=false
contrail_registry="hub.juniper.net/contrail"
contrail_registry_username=<Juniper_user_name>
contrail_registry_password=<Juniper_password

#contrail_os_release=redhat7
#analyticsdb_min_diskgb=50
#configdb_min_diskgb=25
#aaa_mode=no-auth
#auth_mode=noauth
CLOUD_ORCHESTRATOR=openshift
#LOG_LEVEL=SYS_NOTICE
#METADATA_PROXY_SECRET=contrail
#cloud_orchestrator=kubernetes
#metadata_proxy_secret=contrail
#log_level=SYS_NOTICE
#rabbitmq_node_port=5672
#zookeeper_analytics_port=2182
#zookeeper_port=2181
#zookeeper_ports=2888:3888
#zookeeper_analytics_ports=4888:5888
#vrouter_gateway=172.31.16.1
#vrouter_physical_interface=eth0
#kubernetes_api_secure_port=443
#nested_mode_contrail=false

# service subnet and pod subnet in contrail
service_subnets="172.30.0.0/16"
pod_subnets="10.128.0.0/14"

# following variables change pod and service subnet in openshift
#osm_cluster_network_cidr=10.128.0.0/14
openshift_portal_net="172.30.0.0/16"

openshift_use_openshift_sdn=false
r_openshift_node_use_openshift_sdn=True
os_sdn_network_plugin_name='cni'
openshift_use_contrail=true

# htpasswd Authentication
openshift_master_identity_providers=[{'name': 'htpasswd_auth', 'login': 'true', 'challenge': 'true', 'kind': 'HTPasswdPasswordIdentityProvider'}]
# password is developer
openshift_master_htpasswd_users={'developer': 'aaf4c61ddcc5e8a2dabede0f3b482cd9aea9434d'}

# registry
openshift_hosted_registry_storage_kind=glusterfs
openshift_hosted_registry_storage_volume_size=10Gi
openshift_hosted_registry_selector="node-role.kubernetes.io/infra=true"

# logging
openshift_logging_install_logging=true
openshift_logging_es_pvc_dynamic=true
openshift_logging_es_pvc_size=20Gi
openshift_logging_es_cluster_size=3
openshift_logging_es_pvc_storage_class_name='glusterfs-registry-block'
openshift_logging_kibana_nodeselector={"node-role.kubernetes.io/infra":"true"}
openshift_logging_curator_nodeselector={"node-role.kubernetes.io/infra":"true"}
openshift_logging_es_nodeselector={"node-role.kubernetes.io/infra":"true"}

# metrics
openshift_metrics_install_metrics=true
openshift_metrics_storage_kind=dynamic
openshift_master_dynamic_provisioning_enabled=true
openshift_metrics_storage_volume_size=20Gi
openshift_metrics_cassanda_pvc_storage_class_name='glusterfs-registry-block'
openshift_metrics_hawkular_nodeselector={"node-role.kubernetes.io/infra":"true"}
openshift_metrics_cassandra_nodeselector={"node-role.kubernetes.io/infra":"true"}
openshift_metrics_heapster_nodeselector={"node-role.kubernetes.io/infra":"true"}

# prometheus operator
openshift_cluster_monitoring_operator_install=true
openshift_cluster_monitoring_operator_node_selector={"node-role.kubernetes.io/infra":"true"}
openshift_cluster_monitoring_operator_prometheus_storage_enabled=true
openshift_cluster_monitoring_operator_alertmanager_storage_enabled=true
openshift_cluster_monitoring_operator_prometheus_storage_capacity=50Gi
openshift_cluster_monitoring_operator_alertmanager_storage_capacity=2Gi
openshift_cluster_monitoring_operator_prometheus_storage_class_name='glusterfs-registry-block'
openshift_cluster_monitoring_operator_alertmanager_storage_class_name='glusterfs-registry-block'

# Container image to use for glusterfs pods
openshift_storage_glusterfs_image="registry.redhat.io/rhgs3/rhgs-server-rhel7:v3.11"

# Container image to use for glusterblock-provisioner pod
openshift_storage_glusterfs_block_image="registry.redhat.io/rhgs3/rhgs-gluster-block-prov-rhel7:v3.11"

# Container image to use for heketi pods
openshift_storage_glusterfs_heketi_image="registry.redhat.io/rhgs3/rhgs-volmanager-rhel7:v3.11"

# OCS storage cluster
openshift_storage_glusterfs_namespace=app-storage
openshift_storage_glusterfs_storageclass=true
openshift_storage_glusterfs_storageclass_default=false

# OCS storage for OpenShift infrastructure
openshift_storage_glusterfs_registry_namespace=infra-storage
openshift_storage_glusterfs_registry_storageclass=false
openshift_storage_glusterfs_registry_block_deploy=true
openshift_storage_glusterfs_registry_block_host_vol_create=true
openshift_storage_glusterfs_registry_block_host_vol_size=242
openshift_storage_glusterfs_registry_block_storageclass=true
openshift_storage_glusterfs_registry_block_storageclass_default=false


[OSEv3:children]
masters
nodes
etcd
lb
glusterfs
glusterfs_registry

[etcd]
ocp-master1.local 
ocp-master2.local
ocp-master3.local

[masters]
ocp-master1.local
ocp-master2.local
ocp-master3.local

[nodes]
ocp-master1.local openshift_node_group_name='node-config-master'
ocp-master2.local openshift_node_group_name='node-config-master'
ocp-master3.local openshift_node_group_name='node-config-master'
ocp-infra1.local openshift_node_group_name='node-config-infra'
ocp-infra2.local openshift_node_group_name='node-config-infra'
ocp-infra3.local openshift_node_group_name='node-config-infra'
ocp-compute1.local openshift_node_group_name='node-config-compute'
ocp-compute2.local openshift_node_group_name='node-config-compute'
ocp-compute3.local openshift_node_group_name='node-config-compute'

[lb]
ocp-api.local

[glusterfs]
ocp-compute1.local glusterfs_zone=1 glusterfs_devices='["/dev/vdb"]'
ocp-compute2.local glusterfs_zone=2 glusterfs_devices='["/dev/vdb"]'
ocp-compute3.local glusterfs_zone=3 glusterfs_devices='["/dev/vdb"]'

[glusterfs_registry]
ocp-infra1.local glusterfs_zone=1 glusterfs_devices='["/dev/vdb"]'
ocp-infra2.local glusterfs_zone=2 glusterfs_devices='["/dev/vdb"]'
ocp-infra3.local glusterfs_zone=3 glusterfs_devices='["/dev/vdb"]'
